1. Creating Variables
No matter how complex a program is, it begins with a single line of code. This first line is usually a variable.
Programs use variables to remember information. Like moving boxes, variables have content and names that tell us what's inside.
1) Names
To create a variable, we need to give it a name. Variable names need to be single words and therefore have no spaces. example :
home

If we want a variable name with multiple words, we use snake case. Snake case means using _ to connect the additional words. example :
my_home

To help us understand what's inside a variable we pick descriptive names. Example:
Home_city_province


2) Values
variable names can contain numbers, too. Adding numbers is useful for multiple similar variables. example:
hotel_1

After creating and naming a variable, we use the = sign to store a value inside it. example :
hotel = "Dariza"

When we store a value in a variable, it's like putting stuff inside a box. Example:
My_hotel = “Dariza”

The values we've been storing, like "Riza" are strings. Strings are words in double quotes. Example:
“Riza”

Strings can contain all sorts of letters and symbols, including spaces, example:
"Riza Rumayanti Dewi"


3)Console
Lines of code are instructions for the computer to follow. when we run code, we tell the computer to follow the instructions we put together.

The order of the instructions matters because the computer follows the instructions line by line, Example:
Step_1 = “Like”
Step_2 = “Dear”
Step_3 = “Love”
	
with the special instruction print(), we tell the computer to display a value in an area called the console, also known as the shell. Example:
print(“Salut!”)

we can use the print() instruction as often as we want. The computer displays every value on a line in the console. Example:
print(“дорогая Риза”)

we can use print() to display variables. Example:
greeting = “Hai”
print(greeting)

when we display variables in the console, their values appear instead of their names. example:
if we print name here, it'll show its value. Example:
name = Riza
print(name)
output
Riza
